I am going to offer the empowerment of the Buddha Vaidyavarahi.
Vaidyavarahi according to the teachings of the great thetan Dunyung Mungpa or the Hsongs of Dunyung
Mungpa,
and as well as the great Thasung Mungpa's teachings according to the like exalic wish for the
inspiration of our great teacher and Kintin Padma Samye Ling.
So in his memory and his honor and in his presence, I'm trying to do this phrase in order of this
ceremony empowerment.
In order to begin this, of course, everybody, again, we should be strengthening our bodhicata
intentions and beautiful motivation.
These two intentions often, I think everybody said so many times, this intention is the bodhicata
intention,
and as well as purity intentions of the purity, the understanding of the true nature, entire this
universe as it exists.
So I'm just going to follow exactly as this teaching kind of roughly translated, and this is the
words in a way,
it's on a Dunyung Mungpa and as well as there's a lineage of masters. So here again, we should be
strengthening.
Today we're gathered here one reason which is like to receive the empowerment of the black truma
for the Vaidyavarahi practices.
And to receive this teaching, we like to explore our Buddha nature, our nature so that we can
benefit to all the beings.
This benefiting for all beings is also not just saying that as like what they call leap services,
but from the really from the heart that we could feel that we like to support and help to remove
the suffering and the difficulty every once.
All that we go all through different things. So we kind of really wish from the bottom of our heart
that I'm going to support and help and remove their suffering and difficulty.
In order to do this, then I'm going to receive this empowerment. And this is again, that what you
're going to receive the teachings of course, teaching of the Buddha Shakti Munis.
And the Buddha Shakti Munis give different levels of the teaching. Again, this you all know these
things, it's not something that I'm talking to new things,
but this is the part of the lineage teaching, we should always connect it back where we belong,
what we practice, where we stand, and so therefore again, this is the teaching of the Buddha Shakti
Munis.
There are many different categories of the teachings. Among all the teachings, this teaching
belongs to the Vedayana teachings. And Vedayana teaching has also many categories. Among that, this
is all totally connected to the Anandanda teachings.
Anandanda teaching known as Mahayoga, Anayoga, and Adiyoga teachings. Among that, all three, this
teaching is a combined teaching,
the essence teaching of all of them. And this teaching came to Tibet in the 8th century by the
great master Murape Masambhavam, and as well as great master Chanda Raketa.
They are the instrument to bring the teaching by the great courage and commitment of the great king
, Dharma king, Chasundipu.
Three of these remarkable beings come together and brought the entire teaching of the Buddha in the
soil of Tibet.
And ever since, Tibet was quite illuminated by the love and kindness, compassion, wisdom of the
Buddha, and that light, each of their heart, is not just light shining from outside,
but that light began to shine and kindle within each of those so many beings, so many of what we
call the native masters of practice.
Ever since, Tibet has become quite well known, good, peaceful country, because teaching of the
Buddha and what they really carried in their heart and mind.
Mind, ever since, I mean, still I think standing quite tall among the every nations, the Tibetan,
what they preserve, they try to do.
This is not just by the Tibetans, but this is really the teaching of the Buddha and the teaching of
the Murape Masambhavam,
teaching of all those great masters, they inspire one after another, so that is what the teaching
is.
And then when the Murape Masambhavam became the teaching, Murape Masambhavagi mainly teaching on
the Vaidyayana.
And the teaching said, "Vaidyayana, the great master Shandhavakragi, mainly on the Suttar teachings
."
So they carried different ways to continually strengthen, activate the teaching of the Buddha.
And when the Murape Masambhavagi taught many teachings, and these teachings again, or the Shandhara
to the both of them,
teaching continually was created until now, in the particular Myanmar schools of the Tibetan
Buddhism,
those are known as the Kama and Therma lineages, as you all know.
This teaching, what we are going to receive today, is the teaching that belongs from the
Therma schools of the Tibetan Buddhism, or Myanmar schools of the Tibetan Buddhism. In the Myanmar
school, then there is also the Therma.
Within the Therma, there is quite a few categories, Therma teaching, but this teaching belongs with
two things,
known as the Therma from the land, or from the earth, and the Therma from the western mind.
So the great master Satsang Ganga revered this Therma teaching from the rocky mountains of the
central Tibet, known as the Dapini assembly hall, in the Dogong areas.
And this teaching, Satsang Ganga, what he revered, is one of his early teachings,
teaching that we revered in his part. In the opening he said, "Fire monkey ears," that's what he
said.
When we started looking to that "Fire monkey ears," it falls, I think, 1776, around that time, I
think.
1776, so at the end of the 18th century. 18th century, he revered his Therma teachings.
And within this Dapini assembly hall, in various famous pilgrimage sports in the center of the
verse.
And then, so this continual teaching, continually ever since, until now, and I've been able to
receive this teaching from the known master known as Kada Nima, and as well as from K.G. Pardisha R
ambu,
so I received those teachings. And then, as well as this great, another teaching that which is
revered by the great master and the tehto Dunyunumba, many of you heard, know, and practiced this,
Dunyunumba, who came, I think, in the 19th century, early 19th, or in the 19th century,
this great master. This Therma is his Therma, like what's the mind Therma teaches. And the Saraha,
grade 80, 84 Mahasadas, one of the 84 Mahasadas, the Saraha, in several level of M.Sambhava,
appeared in the form of Saraha, and then gave the entire teaching to him. So he's in the wisdom,
Therma teaching, or mind teaching, as well as his visionary teaching that he revered. And that
teaching continued, until now, as unbroken lineage. The truma teaching of the great master, Dunyun
umba,
becomes so famous. In his production, or in his teaching, there's a 13th grade lineage master,
will achieve the rainbow body by practicing of this truma. As it is said, truly, those
predictions are third, more than that. And ever since, this become one of the very
powerful, important, blessed practices. And we, again, I had great opportunity to receive this
teaching from, then his honor, Dunyunumba Ching, and as well as from Kankipada Ching Rumba Ching.
So this is the combined teaching that I'm going to try to offer in the presence of the lineage
masters, the Buddha, Gaurab and Mahasambhava, and as well as then his honor, Dunyunumba Ching,
and the Kankipada Ching Rumba Ching. In their presence, I offer. And again, to receive this
teaching, to connect all of us, I'm not just saying that you received teaching from me,
but we connected all these two, of all of us, to this medalla, to this teaching, to the great
teaching of the Buddha and Gaurab and Mahasambhava. It's not just a coincidental, not just a casual
.
It is something really special. It's beautiful. We all connect with the teaching of the Buddha
and Gaurab and Mahasambhava to this teaching. That's why we all gathered here today. And therefore,
we should re-strengthen our joy, appreciation, devotion and then bodhicata. At the same time,
we have a great understanding of this entire universe. It's again magical displays. It truly
is magic. It's like dreaming. We see these things. We're not just theoretically, but we begin to
understand what really means of the dream-like status. Oh, it's like dreaming. Gathering ourselves
here is a dream. And then as far as this universe is a dream, past is a dream, present is a dream,
and future is not going to change what the present itself carries. It's just all is that. But yet,
there is beautiful shining, beautiful beauties, beauties of love, joy, epic. We can ignite that
quality and continue to dream as a beautiful dream.